Okay
host
This man's name is Bosyan
29 years old, height 183
Is the villain of this world
Richest man in Jiangcheng
The illegitimate son of the head of the state
But no one outside knows
The secret of illegitimate children
At the age of 14, he was recovered by Bo Shi
But don't accept
Any of Bo's properties
Relying on the decisive courage to kill and lay down your own country
But Bo Siyan was very suspicious
Rumor has it that he has a deep distrust of women
host
Don't provoke him
The original owner's wish is to make Fu Tingchuan regret it
I still want true love
Just him.
The entire Jiangcheng has not dared to touch the Pu family
Let them live and let them redeem their deeds
Okay
Sir?
You just bumped into me, no compensation
Yanshao
Do you want me to deal with it?
No, you go out first.
OK
Sir?
I just got stuck in the neck by your car window
You see
And?
My knee here
You broke the skin
These are all evidence of your crimes.
Incriminating evidence?
or
I'll take you to the police station.
OK, let's do it now.
Enough, want to come to the night to fish for Kaizi
There are many rich second-generation sons and daughters outside
No, it has to be.
Why must it be me?
Because I know your secret
I fell in love with you at the first sight.
A woman full of lies
I warn you better not waste your time on me
otherwise
Otherwise what?
Sir, let's make a deal
Fu Tingchuan, what are you doing?
Tell me to come home with me